e e
I know right two live streams in the
same day what is going on well as you
know I mentioned today that uh the rest
of this week when when I live stream
it's only going to be an hour long um so
I want to take the opportunity to kind
of like review briefly it shouldn't be
too long I promise a couple minutes uh
the action for today and go over some s
in points so that way I don't have to do
it tomorrow morning when we first start
the live stream so we can just go right
into it and pick up from whatever the
Market's doing at that time so
um we have the
[Music]
now that this is a daily
chart and if you recall go back on the
13th of
July I'm sorry of uh August last
week at the end of the stream uh the
last I guess
quarter in terms of the length of the
stream I went through the process of
going through the
High time frame I think I think I
touched on the weekly chart but if not I
know I covered the daily and I went
through several levels I said that you
know while we were on the 13th right
here I
said longer term we're reaching higher
so I'm not trying to pick the top in
that I mentioned that we would be
reaching
for mean threshold of this up closed
candle extend that through we hit that I
said the liquidity resting above here
now I took your attention right in
here we have this Cy here which we had a
complete closure of that today right at
the close so this candle's low right
here this one if you look up at this
value upper leth hand
corner that
low comes in at
19,8
68.2 today's high
19871 point7 so we cleared it okay
and this little shaded area in
pink that's where I think that we'll try
to still reach up into uh it'll be
interesting once we get into this a
little bit it can go there and touch it
and probably have a nice little
retracement I'd like to see a completely
overlap the difference between this
candle's close and this
candle's open
so where there's no body it's just a
wick
[Music]
see okay see the difference between this
candlestick's body and this
candlestick's body it's only got one
Wick in here that's a volume IM balance
you'll see and hear me talk about that
at the end of the live stream last
Tuesday so in terms of bias okay um we
have been anticipating we have not been
looking for lower prices we have not
been calling lower prices but I've been
looking for Inay opportunities to push
by example to my son Caleb what could
frame a exercise like a like a practice
session on how to read interpret get a
feel for how far I can run develop an
eye and a knack with experience on Fair
Value gaps and drawing to
relative equal highs or relative equal
lows and also getting a feel for the
session bias which is going to Define
both the buy side and the sell side
which is always what I've been teaching
and whatever one of those liquidity are
taken first usually the opposite it goes
for that okay
so we had another example that today I
went through the business
of showing the U the a second I got to
go through the series of all these I
want to put my drawings back on how to
delete it that
way when we drop back down
in all these levels will be pertinent
you'll be able to see them all so I'm
going to drop into a 15-minute time
frame and you can
see today's action right in
here that's where the institutional or
country drill was called real time and
then if you recall watch the live stream
it was it was a rather long one today
but
uh Caleb is not gonna be able to keep
up if they're if they're like that all
the time and then some of you like just
keep
going I I'd like to I really would but I
don't I don't think it's going to help
him if they're all that long
so I uh I talked
about some of the things that uh lead
to holding on to a trade
longer and what promotes the ideas of
sticking with the trade what are
problematic conditions that end up
materializing in in trades while you're
watching price or whether in a trade if
you're
demoing it paper trading
it um tape reading
it and I
covered a lot of really I mean if you
don't watch today's stream a few
times and take a lot of notes from it I
mean I spent a lot I had a lot of time
cutting up today obviously and I enjoyed
that I had a few people send me some
some comments saying I don't mind the
bad language
but could you not say this particular
word I'm not really trying
to filter myself because if I did I
would never get through the
presentations and I'm not proud of that
stuff I say I just they have to
be
organic and it's it's not something that
uh is a big deal you shouldn't have your
children listening to me while I'm doing
it so we're all adults here
I know uh one of the ladies in the
listening audience told me she doesn't
like the b
word I said some nasty thing today and
that's the that's the word she didn't
like so I apologize me I don't mean to
be offensive with the language but
sometimes I lose control of my tongue
and I go off the rails a little bit
that's part of the carnival like
atmosphere around here not proud of it
but that's you know it's unfortunately
what happens the
uh the live stream today I gave you a a
drawing and I probably should have drew
this out before I started the stream but
you know what I like going on here
without a safety net so I mentioned how
if we understand the elements that are
being taught and if we're looking for
just setups intraday in the beginning
it's easy to lose sight of well you know
you're never really going to make big
money or really you know grow the
account or have these extrap app at uh
risk reward model returns if you're
always dist trating in these small
little intraday moves and my response to
that question that has been coming my
way since I actually started the 2024
mentorship here on
YouTube I have students and Traders and
uh you know those that are just casually
watching every now and then just to get
a feel for you know what is it we're
doing here and they questioned you how
do you use this information outside of
an intraday chart I want to trade bigger
moves and also I segwayed into helping
others that were asking questions such
as how do you hold on to the trade how
do you hold on
to trades that keep moving and and not
get stopped out not get nervous or
whatever and it starts by the same
process of what we've been doing here it
all starts there so if you've never
really had a way of going in through the
content and and be having a beginning
point this is the beginning point this
is like because this is the best getting
point that I can create for my son so if
it's good enough for him you know it's
definitely going to be good enough for
you and you're not in my flesh and blood
he is so if I'm pushing him through this
perspective this approach this you know
Pathway to understanding then you that's
your best answer for those that are
asking where to start
so I covered how if we understand what
the Market's trying to
do initially we want to frame buy side
and sell side and then if we have what I
held on to this entire
mentorship listen to the commentary on a
higher time frame we've been
anticipating and looking for higher
prices that's exactly how I did my
mentorship when they were paying me and
I would give them analysis I would point
to higher time frame levels where are
the Market's going to reach for and then
all they have to do as students is look
at the lower time frames and anticipate
when it has completed its run on
opposing liquidity and then get in sync
with orderflow that would get them in
sync with the higher time frame analysis
I would share on the weekly and the
daily those elements I was in the high
90% bracket in terms of accuracy and you
no student came forward and said
otherwise I proved that I
wasn't you are going to be finding
trades that are in that mindset that
framework that bias okay but I don't
want Caleb to think that that's the only
trading opportunities because if I lock
him into just that it it won't give him
the opportunity to understand how even
retracement in intraday can be traded
against that long-term higher time frame
bias and it also teaches him by default
by Able by being able to see these
retracements intraday that would be
opposed to those long- winded runs
higher or lower on the weekly and daily
chart it gives him or it will give you
also the comfort of knowing that it's
just a retracement it's not it's not
changing anything it hasn't upset the
underlying you know premise of the
market moving on a high time frame
significantly higher so I drew out this
idea today and I was talking about how
if we're trying to
enter and hold on to longer term
moves and I I see a lot of live
streamers out there you I don't hate any
live streamer I get any comments or
whatever but a lot of my students
understand that I have a you know a fun
relationship with one or two YouTubers
on the internet and they they take shots
at me and it's fine it's a shop talk I
don't I don't take anything personal
against none of that stuff but you I can
I can take a good ribbing and I like to
give it out too and I hope I hope when
they receive it it's it's understood
that I'm just having fun I don't mean it
mean spirit and sometimes their tribe
their their teen they get all bent out
of [__] and they think I'm trying to be
mean to them and it's not I'm actually
trying to encourage them to get better
and I actually mention them by name in
my live streams or my videos that kind
of like PR them saying listen I'm
thinking of you right now you listen to
me and you'll be better you'll be better
at what you're doing so I talked about
how the power three which is my solution
to a conundrum that Larry Williams said
he had back in 1995 at least during the
time when he made that video series
uh the confidential trading course or
Futures millionaires confidential
trading course I think that's what it is
uh it's a four tape VHS tape uh thing
and that was like that was my go-to for
encouragement and as I mentioned in the
live stream he found it difficult at
that time I don't know if he's ever got
better at it but he said it was hard for
him to be a buyer below the opening
price when he was bullish so he'd always
use buying on strength and to me that
was my opportunity so I taught today and
I taught it other places on this YouTube
channel just look up power three and you
can see how I've answered
that problem okay I have a very
systematic approach to doing it today I
proved it I outlined it I told you where
the buy was I told you how the day would
transpire how to hold on to it based on
time and we're going to take a look at
some of those things today but I want
you to go back and listen to the live
stream you'll hear me outline these
things and how this is below that little
area right there is below the price at
930 but just think about how
this that little part right there that's
basically the 930 first opening price
and then any movement down away from
that is to be viewed as Judah swing or a
fake move it's the get people thinking
it's going to drop keep going lower and
then all this move here is the trend
following portion of the move means it's
all directional it's all one-sided like
this okay and then at the close price
will come off the highest high and
settle off the high okay and I counseled
you today on the community tab of my
YouTube channel I said okay you know
it's after 3 o'clock if you have not
taken anything you want to pay the
trader so to take something
off why because at 3 o'clock that starts
the last hour of trading the last hour
of trading
is right there at that low just happens
to be inside of a fair value Gap and
then we have this protraction towards
the close of the last hour so at 3:30 we
start this candle it spools up into that
little blue line which is the close of
the daily cells balance buyid efficiency
and this is that volume imbalance on the
daily chart those are all levels that
were talked about last Tuesday but
because they're higher time frame we
don't constantly have to refer to them
every single day you just have them on
your radar and that's where we've been
anticip paying price to reach for so for
the yahoos out there are saying that I'm
calling the buyas lower I'm looking for
shorts I'm looking for Longs but I'm
looking for things to teach my son how
to engage and all of you that are
watching anticipating price action
seeking liquidity opposing liquidity
against that move that would be tearing
us up into
here anytime it drops lower it's done
what it knocks out long holders Scoops
up their position uses their their stop
loss that's below old lows to buy and it
gets them in sync with this underlying
run
so we're going to take a closer look
just remember this little diagram
represents one daily range and I wanted
you to anticipate the daily range
starting at 9:30
here and where we close here at the end
of the day all right now with that in
mind let's dig into the chart we want a
five in
bases all right so here's
9:30 so disregard anything to the left
okay just don't look at any of that
stuff orend it's not even there you're
focusing on just this candle right there
that opening
tick that's right on that
line we drop we go a little bit above
the opening price and then we drop once
more go a little bit higher and we drop
more and we take out the low
here and that low see how those relative
equal lows
there we Dro
lower and then we started the whole idea
as I outlined I don't want to talk about
what I looked at during the live stream
because you you go back into that and
watch it we were
one-sided we were anticipating the buy
side liquidity resting above these highs
right here but while we were down in
here and while we were anticipating the
run up I was outlining how being a buyer
and if you want to hold on trades with a
longer term uh Target or it makes you a
whole lot more handles a lot more Pips a
lot more points if you
will buying at that opening
price or lower when you're bullish last
Tuesday I I solidified and made sure you
understood that this is where we're grow
we're going there as long as we don't
have a major wipe out go lower and that
would be caused by something occurring
over in the Middle East and just go
watch the stream you'll hear me refer
those things but
here that point of entry right there is
the institutional orry drill and we
rallied up above what the new week
opening got high for this week so Sunday
6 PM opening compared to Friday
settlement price that is your new week
opening Gap we trade
down then rally and start to build all
of the same aspects of looking for
higher r that we walk through today and
have been going through every single day
since we started the series on the 2024
mentorship here
so by the way
flocks uh a gentleman reached out to me
sent me a instruction about this thank
you so much um he made some changes to
an existing uh Watermark so that that's
what you're seeing
here so that's that's the business there
so if you if you want to have that on
your chart I guess uh you there it is
but
uh we're going to talk about how it
reached up into this because I'm sure a
lot of you were taken by surprise um I
had a guy on YouTube I guess he wants
more followers or more attention but he
read he made a video about me a couple
days ago and he is supposedly an
orderflow guy he uses like the um the
depth of Market ladders and uh and
whatnot
he went so far as to say that what I'm
teaching and what I'm saying is
ICT is a scam and here's why well I was
watching a little bit of his live stream
that he was doing today and uh I invited
a few of my private students to to take
a gander at it and some of them did not
listen and they were trying to stoke the
fires and I that's not what I wanted to
see happen but um while he was watching
his price action and stuff I was going
long in the es when he was saying it was
not going to make a higher High and um
basically I mopped the floor with it and
showed the students the contrast between
what was expected because of looking at
depth of Market the ladders you know
where the orders are stacking above and
below and how that's supposed to be
superior intellect and knowledge and the
whole time there was nothing being
mentioned about where the market was
going to go in fact it was said that it
wasn't going out higher and I said well
that's perfect because I see a breaker
on a 15-second chart I see liquidity I
see a run higher and I see it doing
exactly what I outline in my live stream
today and it accelerated went through
the roof and blew the top off of it and
I say that because there are some of you
that are watching me just for the sake
of saying this is wrong this is wrong
there's no algorithm but there really is
and the algorithm is the price engine
that offers the
price the buyers and the sellers have to
agree at the price that's being offered
it's not the buyers and sellers that's
offering it to you the commodity okay
the the thing that needs to be purchased
or sold is price action the price the
next price that is always offered to us
as Traders it's first piped into large
top tier institutional Banks in lending
firms and things like that and then we
get the opportunity to pick up the
scrapes and and bottom of the barrel as
retail Traders we we we're the last line
in the
expected uh recipient of this
price there are entities out there that
have a better opportunity to take the
price that's offered to
us like we have the scraps basically and
the the argument and the the excuse is
this um the algorithms are fighting for
a quarter of a second in terms of time
execution that's not a big deal that's
not a big deal and the argument is
discounted because you can't throw
thousands of contracts inside of a
quarter of a second look at the time in
sales there isn't that many owners
coming
in in the same token when you're
watching a depth of Market ladder and
you're seeing all these orders the
Market's going to keep booking higher or
lower if it's designed to do so and I
outline today just like you see it right
here I told you once it starts going up
and everything below the opening price
at 930 was the premise what we're
looking for and I outline that right
there on a one minute chart and if you
didn't watch the live stream stop this
one here don't watch it anymore because
it'll take away from you watching it
happen live the worst thing you can do
is look at this one here and not have
watched the live stream because you'll
miss the opportunity as it's forming as
it's really forming live because you're
watching the the real- time data that
I'm using while I'm doing that live
stream with a 3 second latency it
literally was only taking three seconds
before it was posting to my phone and my
headphones so I can't make it any faster
than that folks and that's the settings
that's offered to me
low
uh ultra low low and then normal latency
that's the three options that at least
that's what YouTube offers me when I'm
doing live streams right now I'm doing
normal because it's not time sensitive
so when I say something if you look at
the seconds down
here okay from the time I say something
and you receive it if you're watching
your your trading VI time that's the
latency and it should be a little bit
longer right now because it's not time
sensitive the markets are not trading
it's five o'clock so there's no movement
I can talk with a low latency and it's
not a big deal I cannot do Clos captions
when I'm doing the ultra low latency so
it's not for the sake of not wanting to
do it I just can't do it because they
don't let me do it on YouTube so don't
think don't take my word for it try to
do it yourself and you'll see what I'm
talking about so I want to drop down one
minute chart again if you didn't watch
the live stream don't watch any more of
this one stop it and come back to it
after you've done that okay so let's
drop into a one minute
chart all right so we were
watching price rip
lower here's
930 right here we Dro lower we were
looking for the new day opening Gap it
trades through it comes back up we had
an opening range Gap in here I'm not
going to have that on the chart I'm just
going to go to the most Salient points
of running that low out
there and then I told you I want to see
it get above the new day opening Gap
here
on the 16th and now I see it trade down
it does so there and then we had this
move with this candle I outlined the
institutional orderflow entry drill and
as it did it here I said now if you're
looking for a way to hold on to
trades that part's easy once you've done
these types of drills for months not a
couple days not a couple weeks but for
months because you're not going to fully
appreciate where these setups are
forming relative to the 9:30 opening
here
there so at that price or
lower when you're bullish When You're
Expecting higher prices in the daily
chart to keep pressing higher look at
last Tuesday's live stream on the 13th
of August 2024 it's the latter portions
before I close the stream I go through
and I said this the so you guys so you
guys know what I'm expecting based on
what we have right now in the charts
it's going to go higher and these are
the levels and I walk you through them
okay we hit several of them already but
we're just below that volume and balance
on the daily chart so I C you on the
live stream today to go back to that and
listen to the the higher time frame
levels those should be on your chart
they should be in your notepad next to
your your computers or computer or
whatever it is you're using to to watch
price action and constantly refer back
to are we seeing indications that those
things are still being traded to are we
marching towards those daily and weekly
objectives is basically what we're
getting at because that is higher time
frame order flow that's that's where
ultimately the daily chart's going to
try to gravitate to now I mentioned
today that there's the Jackson
Hole uh
Symposium if you do a search on your
economic calendar you'll see
it okay
the I think day one is Wednesday day two
is Thursday day three is
Friday because that's
occurring and it's on the latter part of
the week you have Wednesday Thursday and
Friday treat it just like a non-farm
payroll week where you have to trade on
Monday staying with it looking for the
setups and then because we are expecting
those higher time frame targets that I
mentioned on last Tuesday August 13th
2024's live stream at the end of the the
stream I gave you every level that's
pertinent on the higher time frame
outside of the intraday charts and those
are like magnets draw institutional
order flow in on those higher time
frames smaller time frames as you've
been watching me do it's very very
similar to what we expect on the larger
time frames just get a whole lot more
opportunities so as I outlined today
this is the institutional orry drill it
is the lowrisk buy that means it should
not come back below that and it should
just keep pressing higher and we used
the new week opening
Gap here as support they swept through
it cleared up some inefficiency into the
order block right there there's two of
them so you're using that price right
there at the open that's a change in the
state of delivery
boom now we're rallying it comes back
down to engage that order block and
upset any perfect delivery to the new
week opening Gap because remember
they're like our children coloring
inside a coloring book it can color
Outside the Lines we encourage that we
want to see things like that because it
gives the opportunity let the the Wicks
do the damage that's what you want to
see and
then because we were below the opening
price at this institutional I outlined
time okay I outlined time if you get
something like this position entry here
you do not strangle it by running your
stop loss up you don't try to keep
moving it higher moving it higher moving
it higher but you do expect it around
11:30 that's that's beginning the lunch
macro it will start to drop against the
existing movement that took place in the
morning session meaning here you got it
rallies up and here is 11:30 right there
so at that moment looking backwards was
it everybody making money on the long or
everyone making money on the short
clearly everyone's making money on the
long it's gone up longer it's been up
it's it's definitely above where we were
outlining it
live so what is it going to do it's
going to
seek the initial lad that you're going
to come to here's
11:00 for the folks that don't know my
macro for lunch I'm teaching again so
right here's the price so you want to go
backwards and find the first
low but it has to form after 10:00 so
let's do the math on this here's 10
o'clock so yeah we have a low down here
that's not what I'm talking about oh we
have we have a low over here that's not
what I'm talking about right here is
11:30 and you want to go
backwards and find the first low and
that's this
one did did this low form after 10:00
absolutely it's
11:17 so at 11:30 the macro will start
doing what it will seek liquidity that's
trailed on that which has been
profitable during the morning session at
11:30 go back to 9:30 what has happened
the Market's
rallied it's gone up so the algorithm
will seek what the stops rate below that
low well wouldn't you know it as chance
would have it as coincidence would have
it all the planets
aligned the clouds parted and here we go
it worked again not only is it taking
out that low for anyone that's trailed
their stop loss rate below here it's
engaging the new week opening gap for
this week that's a reasonable
expectation it's going to gravitate and
D draw in price to cause more
interest so the algorithm doesn't know
how many kind contracts are being traded
it doesn't need to know it just needs to
know what time and where that's what
prices offering it it does not need to
track something as Dynamic and what can
be spoofed because you can put orders in
and in
pool institutions do it all the time in
fact large investment firms Goldman JP
Morgan all these big guys they've all
got in trouble some sometime or another
spook
putting Big Blocks of orders in because
they know Yahoo's out here look at that
stuff and think oh it's going to go
there that's not that's not how it works
folks that's like laying down bait for
rats and some of you act like rodents
and you you go after that cheese and you
think because that number is flashing
there it's going to drive the market
there that's not what goes on I
explained to everything today and I
didn't need to talk about depth of
Market I didn't have to talk I didn't
have to show you a ladder I didn't have
to do anything I spoke on the premise of
time so I told you that we're going to
see it drop down for the lunch macro and
upset cell
side and I
explained not just today right now but
in other instances where the lunch macro
starts at
11:30 and it can go as long as
1:30 it could keep going higher and not
have any retracements but if you start
to see it sell off all you have to do is
find the first low at
11:30 start going
backwards where is the low that you're
going to come to first but it has to be
be um it has to happen to have formed
after 10
o'l why because it factors in any run
that was created for Silver
Bullet any protraction in price action
that's going higher it allows you to get
the obvious where everybody wants to jam
their stock to and that's this one right
here and that's exactly where it went to
and it also agreed with new week opening
Gap see that and then it rallies so we
had all this consolidation we had sell
side
taken and then we entered the 130 time
right there that
closes the lunch macro there's no more
time aspect that's associated with going
down to take the stops in this case so
now what is it free to do it's free to
start going in the direction from the
early session
lows and outlining that daily candle
where the open is near the low and the
close is near the high I told you that
you would hold on to the trade if you do
this okay I I specifically called out
Patrick willing because he he does a lot
of these and Pat please don't I'm not
trying to be an ignorant person to you
right now and if you like Patrick
Wheeling you watch his live I'm not
trying to take his followers I'm not
trying to get you to watch my stuff I
want you to think about what I said
today okay and I I toss you a Boone if
you start doing
this and you just let one contract go
just let one go with the things I taught
today you're going to have bigger runs
you're gonna have huge runs and Tanja
who is one of my students who does as
now shown several times of making over
100 handles I think she's the only one
doing that like right now so this this
lesson helps her as well it helps all of
you I want to see all of you do well if
you have the the interest in in live
streaming like I would really get my
rocks off if I saw people taking these
types of Trades down and I gave it to
you today I laid it on a silver F I said
hold on to
minimum 3:15 why because that starts the
last
hours uh macro there's four of four
macros in that last hour but I told you
it starts at 3:15 and that one runs to
345 then you have one at 3:45 that goes
to 4:00 that's the one that we're going
to go into and talk about
now so the market rallies up during the
2:00 hour continues higher and we have a
little bit of a retracement here going
into 3 o'cl and I said on my community
post I said it's after 3
it's basically time to pay the trader if
you have held on and I had people that
listen today they've been very upfront
and showed me that I made it a killing
today thank you so much I don't want you
taking trades based on what I'm saying
okay but just know that I was in rare
form today and I guess that inspired a
lot of you to do a lot of you to do it
and the reaction is
WTF this is the biggest trade I've ever
made I can't believe this this this was
like nuts yeah that's what happens when
you're when you're trading the daily
range that's what my son Caleb is going
to grow into he doesn't have the
patience and doesn't know what he's
doing yet but for the folks that know
what I'm referring to and have done this
for a long time studying with me you
took you took
the hint hint nudge nudge stuff today to
the extreme and held on to it and you
were able to capture a lot of this run
today when we look looked at that little
crude diagram that I drew out this
morning referencing the daily chart the
daily chart is basically what you see
here where it went up to the
high and then at the close what's it
going to do it's going to settle
off the high so here's the close here's
the high and all the way down here
[Music]
is the low to day and that was me
telling you that's the lowrisk buy and
then submit to what if you want to get
take longer trades you have to set your
mindset on the
time time if you understand Power Three
As I teach it the highs and here we are
T trading as the Market opens up to six
clock trades right up into that volume
of balance on the daily chart so we've
already hit the low if it never goes any
higher than that it's delivered based on
what I told you last Tuesday using
weekly and daily charts that's bias
that's bias but intraday for my son to
learn how to do this and how to get that
same understanding that I'm sharing with
you you got to go through what I'm
teaching here if you're going to hold
for bigger runs the first and foremost
thing is you have to submit to the time
that's required for the daily chart or
daily
Candlestick to form and close so if you
understand that we're bullish as we were
indicating today down here I gave you
the the the schematic of what it looks
like on the daily chart what to expect
so for you to hold to the close you have
to hold into that last hour of trading
right and then you also give yourself
time when 3:45
[Music]
comes right there's
345 so what happens is the algorithm
will refer back to
what levels on a daily chart levels on a
weekly chart in any time frame cycling
through less than daily all the way down
to the seconds and then it'll cycle
right back up and all inefficiencies
will be incorporated all liquidity will
be incorporated and that's how the the
algorithm G rates and moves up and down
it's not buying and selling pressure and
I don't give a [__] what Tom Dick and
Harry says Tom Dick and Harry got it
wrong in front of me today and got in
wrong in front of my students and I was
doing the opposite of them as they said
it whatever they said wasn't going to
happen I went right in there using what
I teach what I use and it just like that
I was long in the afternoon in
es everybody else that supposedly uses
this volume imbalance [__] and depth
of Market stuff they had no expectation
what was going on they had no idea and
all of this run here that is algorithmic
it starts at
3:45 what is it going to spool to
remember this think about you're that
fishing uh fishing pole holder you're a
fisherman okay and you're going to cast
your lure to what
direction this level which is the high
of the sell sign and balance buy sign
efficiency on the daily chart that I
gave you last
Tuesday and the volume inbalance so
you're casting your your hook in that
area why because there's liquidity up
there and the market traded right into
here that's what that pink area
is that was from the daily chart it went
and hit it just like that so I gave you
on Tuesday where the Market's going to
dry rate and gravitate to on a higher
time frame perspective but that's not to
say that you can't take shorts Inay you
can but I promise you you did not see
anybody else call out with detail as to
why over 200 and some handles would be
delivered you didn't see that didn't
happen you saw it here and the logic
that I used is what's in this mentorship
and every other lecture on this YouTube
channel for
free
so I I don't know what else to say
except for if you keep add it you keep
showing
up you'll get what you're seeking you'll
get it but you got to give yourself time
like I tell my son you can't force
it and over time you'll get it you'll
find things that are going to be a
little bit confusing initially the more
time I spend over the charts it'll make
more sense to you but this run here is
absolutely algorithmic why is that
happening when are certain
algorithm more prone to create big runs
well the last hour macro obviously it
starts at 3:15 and that one runs to 345
so in and of itself you have that 30-
minute window and I'm looking for
something that's going to cause the the
move off the
high so like here's the highest high of
the
day and then you get this that's the
part that is the 315 to
345 315 to 345 macro gets
disregarded and they use 345 going into
the market on close Market on close is
that last 15 minute window it's not 10
minutes it's 15 minutes it's 3:45
Eastern Standard Time to
4:00 if it's earning season there will
be an algorithm that fires at
401 and then you get this crazy run
going into 415 and then when the regular
session closes electronic trading goes
Bonkers and then you see some some wild
stuff okay and I made I think a little
less than $20,000 with a live account
with amp using that information I just
gave you and shared it and showed it and
proved it so there you go
um this
occurred because of what I mentioned
today the Jackson Hole Symposium like I
said it it can create
volatility and folks that know that
we're getting the opportunity to see a
lot of volatility they want to hurry up
and get the run over with
basically so the the folks that the kind
folks that on the market and uh are the
fine makers of algorithmic
trading they were happy and nice enough
to deliver what we were looking for on
last Tuesday's objective longterm it has
it's delivered any more run up into this
area here that's shaded in pink it's
just a bonus I don't need to have any
more delivery in price to be right about
it okay and since that volatility that's
going to come by way of Jackson hle
symposium it's a it's a group it's a
meeting it's like a big Builder beer
meeting where they just they come around
it's a big circle jerk and they they
think they run everything and they
certainly try to do it so because it can
create volatility in the marketplace
that may be
unfavorable everyone that knows what's
going on as I'm outlining it to you
today and teaching on this lecture uh
series and all the lecture series prior
to it on this YouTube
channel having that big run up is reason
able you think it's a fluke that I
mentioned the power 3 and told you to
hold on to at least until 3:15
today go back and listen to it it's
there so you're not going to worry about
the little fluctuations in here and
completely try to get out because that's
the end of the day no they're going to
drag this thing across the entire
spectrum of time which is taking you
into what the last few moments of
trading the regular session that's 3:45
and they ran us up into right there they
Clos in that Cy on the daily
chart let me take you up to the daily
chart and then we'll be
[Music]
done all right this candle's low that's
what that blue line is attached to this
is the Cy sell balance by efficiency and
that would be the low so as I mentioned
the last Tuesday it's we had the mean
threshold of this candle here then the
rejection block then we have the buy
side liquidity here and then we have
that candle's low and we have the volume
balance between these two candle bodies
and then naturally if it wants to go
through that you have the buy side here
and the inefficiency there ultimately
that's you know unless something breaks
out in the Middle East I think we're
going to be revisiting here and after we
go there I don't know if we make a
higher high I don't know if we start
ranging for a little while I don't know
if we drop I I don't know okay so those
are the levels I gave you last Tuesday
they still hold true this is still what
I'm looking for but as a objective for
this
week I'm content so at this point I
would favor continuation in what's being
here what's been shown here but I'm not
forcing anything so words if I take a
trade I'm not going to go heavy-handed
I'm not GNA be doing 10 15 20 contracts
I'll do one three four something like
that that's my lot that's my high in now
because it's already done the majority
of the move that I was expecting on the
daily chart I mean think about it let's
take take the lipstick off for a second
and then I'm
done if this
is what we've been seeing we haven't had
a down
close over two
weeks that's
unsustainable that's unsustainable okay
so to me what I think is they're taking
out anyone that's short here and they'
they're taking us up into this
inefficiency because it's it's a strong
inefficiency it's it's no real volume in
there and maybe we'll get up into here
and and probably folks that see that
here they'll think well we're going to
go for the higher high and that would be
the good area to pull the rug out from
underneath everything and send this
thing right below here if
if Iran Israel and the Coalition of
other Arab Nations come together against
Israel and then us get it's what it's
been wanting for a long long time an
excuse
to do a a a theater against the Persia
okay
so that's what I'm expecting that's what
I'm anticipating that that whole runup
is because we didn't see it pop off yet
and I think we kick out that low if it
really kicks off in the Middle East
otherwise everything I said here is what
I'm
expecting using that information if I'm
taking Longs inaday as long as these
targets are still in play that means
I'll do the heaviest handed positions
the most contracts that I'm trading not
overleveraging not trying to be more
than I'm supposed to be but the larger
positions are going to be on the long
side because I'm trading inside of daily
bullish
orderflow but if I'm shorting I'm going
to do it with small position sizes
because I'm going against
this if we start things on a very
extreme level over the Middle East
it's going to be easy for the market to
have big large range candles down on the
daily chart and it might start off with
one big one like that and then wait a
day or two and then start looking for
lower prices should that happen it's not
going to be able to Rally if something
really breaks off over there if we start
exchanging with Israel into Iran these
markets are going to have a real hard
time having green candles and it's going
to be a lot of this type of stuff here
okay so I gave you sentiment I gave you
what I gave you last week which was my
bias it was longterm it's
delivered again
so you should feel comfortable okay you
should feel comfortable that you're
learning what's working you can you can
see that I know what's likely to occur
and you're in good hands I I I got this
information from good hands above and
I'm sharing it with you I want my son to
learn it so if my are for him to learn
it I'm not going to give you water down
not so good information it's the same
stuff that I'm laying in his hands so
you see it working it's precise it's
highly efficient it's highly precise not
just close it's highly
precise and it's it's in my interest to
see you do well with it if you're going
to take the time to invest in it then
you obviously it goes about saying that
you should be
encouraged and trust that you're doing
what's necessary there's no other
shortcut to it there's literally no
shortcut I would not be out here making
this stuff for KB to go through if it
was an easy one two three stepbystep
list that you know just makes it so much
easier you ain't going to get to the
level I'm I'm showing you want no easy
one two three it Ain it ain't going to
happen but if you want these types of
you know results in terms of knowing
where it's going to go how it's going to
behave why it's going to behave in
certain you know weekly profiles weekly
conditions daily profiles how do you
know when it's going to be a big up day
classic byy day well I outlined it today
I give you those terms I told you what
to look for improved it right in front
of all of you with literally two handles
of draw
down so I mean given the volatility
we're experiencing I think that's pretty
remarkable if I do say so myself good
job thanks brother so anyway I will be
back with you all Lord willing tomorrow
um again all the sessions rest the this
week are just going to be 60 minutes so
we're going to be aiming for 9:30 to
10:30 cutting the stream after 1 hour
cuz I got to give my son a chance to
catch up um he's getting a little
frustrated that uh he's not where we're
at and I told him don't worry about that
but you know how kids are